https://codepen.io/DottyDott/pen/NWpXddY

1. What is Semantic HTML?
Semantic HTML is the form of HTML that is explained plainly by itself, such as the basic tags like <header>.
   
   2. What is HTML used for?
    HTML is used for display and formatting of web development.
  
  3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute is a type of modifier for an HTML element and is placed inside the opening element tag itself.
  
  4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
 The h1 tag is the largest and most important tag of the 6 heading tags and should by best practice be used only once per page on the most important heading.

5. Name two tags that have required attributes
 img with the src attribute and a with the href attribute.
 
 6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
Things like the title element.

7. What is an id? 
An id in HTML is a unique identifier meant to assist in identifying an element for styling amd scripting.
  
  8. What elements can I add an id to? 
  Any of them as long as the same id is not assigned more than once.
   
   9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
   One time only.
    
    10. What is a class? 
    A class is an identifier like an id but can be used more than once per page.
    
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    All.
    
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    As many as necessary as long as it fits together.
    
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    By adding a target attribute with a value of _blank
    
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    Accessibility, for screen readers.
    
    15. How do I reference an id?
    With a # before the id value.
    
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    In HTML, <section> means that the content inside is grouped and should appear as a entry in an outline of a page whereas <div> does not convey any meaning, aside from any found in its class, lang and title attributes.
    
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    Styling.
    
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    element {}
    
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A class can be used for multiple elements and used more than one time on a page. An id is more specifically unique and may be used more than once per page. I don't yet know enough of when to use which to really make examples.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    By putting . in front of the chosen class name.
    
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human
    
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
    The ("parent > child") selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element. This might be useful when wanting the child elements to have the same set of css attributes.
    
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div.sidebar a {}
    
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A pseudo-class is a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state, e.g. they are the first element of their type, or they are being hovered over by the mouse pointer.
    
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    The line-height property. 
    
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    The letter-spacing property.
    
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform:uppercase/lowercase/capitalize
    
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
   div {
   border:1px dotted black 
   }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    * {}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    <!-- like this -->
    
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm
    
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
